## Stop my learning in university
Back to 2015, I was graduated from University of science and I got associate degree. In my first plan, I was going to continue learning to got bachelor degree in this university. But I got some bad news. Vietnamese educate law changed. If you want to continue learning, you must have at least three years experience in your industry. In this time, this rule have been a lot of disapproval from student, teacher and parent. After many discussion, this rule was changed a bit. This rule still here but it would not applied for my generation, however I still decided not continue my learning. This rule and its discussion meetings really made me stress a lot. I counldn't focus for my exam to join bachelor curriculum. And one more thing, my family's economic status wasn't good. A high cost of living in Saigon was really big deal for my family in that time. Besides, honestly I also want to got a job in IT industry. I think it would give me experience than I got in university. Above all it would give me money for solve my family problem.
In university, I learned about algorithm, a few programming language, database and a bit about testing. Main programming language I learned is C++, C# and ASP.NET. But I choose PHP for my resume. I really don't remeber exactly reason make me choose PHP. Probably project I built by C++, C# were too simple. I just think if I want got a job with C++, C#, I need study more in bachelor curriculum. With PHP, I can build a simple blog or shop. At same time, Vietnam marketplace have many PHP job. I thought I could got a job with PHP easier than with C++.
## But I was wrong
In that time, I approached with keyword "framework". It was made me very surprised. I realized I could build a PHP website faster. It give me more believe about I could get a PHP job. I had two months in my hometown before I back to Saigon to prepare for my exam to join bachelor curriculum (I didn't said with my parent about my plan). In that two months, I downloaded many documentation about Codeigniter, Zend, Cake and Yii. Cake and Yii just too hard to learn with me. So I chosen learn Codeigniter and Zend for my resume. I back to Saigon with a strong belief I can got a job easily.